Episode 1: Life is like chocolate candy, a box full of chocolates.
December 24, 2004
Without hesitation... you cheat on me?
I'll show you how horrifying it is to be messing around with the
Mill's third daughter - Kim Sam Soon.
Today...you die, and I live.
Yes, it's room 1025. I'm requesting Château wine and with that
bring something to eat as well.
Who is it? Room service.
How... did you get here?
Last year Christmas... were you with another women?
No... that day, my father's company's anniversary party.
Then how about the Christmas the year before that?
That day, was also my father's company's... you know, darling, that December 24 is the anniversary for the company.
Then how about today?  What are you doing here instead of at the party?
Oh what do we do?  Today is December 24.
Memory loss is so common these days.
You're the one who said the Catechin in green tea was good to prevent memory loss. Was that just a line?
-From now on drink a lot of green tea, you bastard.
-What's the matter with you?
Don't ask me what's wrong with me. Think about what you were doing wrong, you bastard.
Sam Soon, the brake in your brain isn't working now due to  a minor misunderstanding.
You could totally lose your mental equilibrium and lose everything. Chill.
Otherwise, you won't be able to control the violence.
Now... let's breathe.
Now deeply.
Are you f*ing bull s**ting me?
Hey, how can you say such vulgar words?!
Language and the way you live are deeply related. The way you talk reflects the way you live, so
Sam Soon, if you continue to use "f***", that's what your life will be like.
Stop kidding around.
You became depraved didn't you? Who did it?
Who made you like this?!
I'm going to break you apart.
Excuse me,
If you're not going in, please move.
Who is it?
It's room service.
Sam Soon...
Get up.  Are you going to spend the night here? Hurry.
Get up.  We have something to talk about.
How can I get up?
You want me to help you?
How could anyone who is so humiliated get up?
You bastard!
How long have you known about it?
One month ago.
How?
I saw your text messages in your phone.
Did you perhaps use a GPS to locate where I was?
Then how come you didn't say anything for a month?
I didn't know what to do.
For a month, you lied to me.
You looked through my phone and even stalked me with a GPS.
And now you come to my hotel?
My man changed... If I didn't do that, would I be your girlfriend?
It's been a while since you changed.
If I called you, you hung up in seconds. You wouldn't reply to my
texts, and you made excuses like you were busy because you didn't want to meet me. 23 days ago.
It's been 23 days last month since I saw you,
so I went to look for you at the company.
Do you remember how mad you got because I came without telling you?
A long time ago, you used to love it when I came looking for you like that,
and today is Christmas Eve.
You left me by myself, so what do I do?
Should I just wait until you call for me?
So... did you feel betrayed?
Yeah.
-Do you feel resentment?
- Yeah.
You lost faith in me too?
My mouth hurts.
So it can't be like the same as before.
Of course.
Then let's break up.
I didn't want to break up like this, but
I guess there's nothing I can do about it.
I'm sorry for not paying attention to you
all that time.
I won't explain everything to you.
Do you hate me?
No.
Do you love that woman?
Then why?!
Tell me, you bastard!
What is your reason?!
You don't have to do this just because we broke up.
You used to say you liked it when I insulted you,
you jerk!
You said it was fun whenever I insulted you,
you bastard!
This isn't a stadium, lower your voice a bit.
There's nothing else I see in my eyes. What is your reason? Hurry and tell me.
Everyone knows you dumped me, Hyun Woo.
So keep it simple, so that I can understand.
Tell me simply instead of saying  metaphors, figures of speech, similes, and bulls***,
Tell me instead of mathematics, philosophy, astronomy, and highfalutin stuff.
This is not going to work.
Your hormones are making you irrational and  violent.
Let's talk when you are calm.
Sorry, I can't take you home.
Did you even love me?
You've never told me you loved me,
the three years we've been together.
Did you love me?
I loved you.
I loved you. The girl with chubby cheeks.
The one who said she would become the world's best patisserie.
The girl who searched all over Paris for a bakery.
I loved her.
She had lots of dreams, was outgoing, and determined,
who always carried a sweet, sugary scent with her.
I loved her.
But my love stops here.
If you ask why it stops here...
What am I supposed to say?
I'm sorry... It's only up to now.
Hyun Woo... Don't forget me.
I don't mind dying...
But I can't take not being in your thoughts.
You have to be happy.
I love you, Hyun Woo.
You thought I'd say this!
Look straight into my eyes.
I'm going to follow you forever with these eyes.
I'm going to appear in your dreams every night.
When I found out you were cheating on me,
do you know how much I cried? Now it's your turn.
Try suffering for once.
See how painful it is.
And think to yourself.
Why did I leave this girl? You will regret it forever.
You call this love?
I'm not sorry. Goodbye.
I loved you until I was about to go crazy.
You bastard.
What good would it be?
Even if my parents die...
I will be too busy working and living.
And if his girlfriend leaves him,
we will be alike.
What can I do?
What will make him remember me forever?
There was a time
when I was on the top of the world.
It felt as if I was walking on clouds.
My heart was always pounding.
That was a good feeling,
as if our love filled up to the skies.
A man came who gave me that happiness,
but he left, just like that.
I'm crying right now,
not because I lost him.
Love...
The thing that was burning once,
is now lost and gone.
I am crying because I understand that.
Because love without any power is pitiful, I'm crying.
Someone's in here.
There is someone in here.
I said, there's someone in here.
Are you deaf? There's someone in here!
I just got dumped, so I can't see anything! Just go away!
What are you, lady?
A pervert ?
Or... are you just taking a break in the men's bathroom?
Usually, if a guy sleeps with another girl, the game is over.
Next time don't ask him the reason why.
Just leave him and end it.
In life, there are all kinds of men, but all of them are men.
The same with women.
It's been a while since you changed.
If I called you, you’d hang up. You wouldn't return my texts,
and you said you're busy because you didn't want to see me.
Oh...she doesn't get the hint.
If he doesn't answer her calls, it's already over.
Am I right ?
That's, that.
Your job.
It must be fun.
Do we work for fun?
We work to eat and live.
Yes.
But when are you thinking about going back to the hotel?
Your mother seems to be looking forward to it a lot.
Then, let's break up.
Oh no... that guy says they should break up first.
Don't you like me?
Did you just realize this now?
That woman earlier, do you love her?
That's nothing for you to know.
But, why?
In the past when I cursed you, you thought it was cool and fun, you bastard.
Every time I cursed you, you said it was stimulating, you vermin!
You don't know the rumors about you, do you?
You overdo things, and are uncouth.
If you don't want to date, then work it out with your mother.
And don't make girls waste their time.
Did you even love me?
The three years we were together, you never told me you loved me.
Did you love me?
Hello! How are you? Hello!
Hello! Hello.
Good morning.
It's not a good morning.
Yang Mi just left for Paris this morning.
Her mother died of a heart attack.
When did she say she can come back?
That's the problem.
She's not coming back.
Ah, what do we do?
Hello. Welcome.
Hi, I'm Kim Sam Soon.
They're waiting for you.
Your father is not around, out of 3 siblings you are the 3rd daughter.
Do you have a parent?
--Yes, my mother.
-- Mother...
You went to Le Cordon Bleu, and you... what is this?
Oh, that is a cooking school in Paris. It's been there for over 100 years, and I studied there.
Anyway, you don't have a job? Monthly income ...  Monthly income is zero?
Oh that is... right now I'm resting.
But I usually get called to work, so I'm going to be getting a job very soon.
So Kim Sam Soon.
Your name is a little... haha weird.
Did you fix your face?
100% natural.
Look at this. Look at this. You have no conscience.
How can you live in this century without doing anything to your face?
What?!
What kind of company is this?!
Do you think you can get married like this?
Here, watch this movie,
In this movie it says a woman over 30 has the same chance of getting hit by a nuclear bomb as getting married.
Out of all the famous sayings, you can consider this the best.
Whatever you said before, it didn't go into my head.
Anyway, why don't you go home, wash your feet and watch this movie...
and don't even dream about getting married.
If they were to remake this movie now, they would change 30 to 40 years old.
Today's 30 is the new 20.
That's what women think, but you have to realize men think differently.
Women HAVE to be pretty and young.
Oh is that right?
Do you men not get old too?
Does your stomach not droop down?
Think positive, you old man.
And, I'm fat?
Yah! I am fat, making cakes and chocolate is my job
Do you think I wouldn't be?!
And you say I'm a person with no job?
Is that my fault?! Is it ?
People like you, tell them all to come out!
Yes, I came to a conclusion that we should register you for the special care management division.
What does that mean?
Until you can get chosen, we will keep on supplying male candidates without limit.
So without limit means it will be very expensive?
Yes, of course. But how much is an investment for a "marriage for life" worth?
How much will it be?
It will be 9.99 million won.
What kind of dream was that.
Be prepared for that special person just for you.
Good Friend
What... giving 9,990,000 won to those people, and they don't know how long I have to wait?
Ha... that's nonsense.
You're going to buy a bakery for our needs?
She said she will not come back to work again because of her mother's death.
Until we can get a new pastry chef, we will need to borrow theirs.
Our restaurant is one of the top 5 in Seoul because it's high quality and expensive.
For now, we will not have any profits.
We need to go to the hotel,
and get a French chef for our restaurant.
One more thing, the owner and kitchen workers are also French.
Anyway, they don't fit our needs so we can't use them.
And you're not even making the food,
so why do you need a patisserie?
So is it not surprising this company is laughing at you?
In France bakery goods are like kimchi here.
I don't make fake food.
You are showing off because you're overconfident.
Next week, Kim Ho Jang's daughter is getting married
to the eldest son of Keelung Construction.
The lady you were with last Christmas eve.
I don't have to go, do I?
When the heck  are you planning to get married?
Next year Mi Joo starts kindergarten.
Don't you think we need an aunt to take her to school?
I will do that, and I will go to the parent meetings, feed her, do whatever necessary.
So please stop these blind dates.
If you don't want to go on blind dates,
then get married.
We're almost there. Please give me the pastries.
I already told you this before, but Chris said we can't. So there's nothing I can do about it.
Chris likes me, so just give him a call.
You jerk, when are you going to get your act together?
Hey, what do you think people will say about a 5-star hotel owner's son leaving and opening his own restaurant?
Mom runs the inn while the son does food jobs.
What? Are you making jokes about your mother?
Hey, mamma's boy, do you think
you can do this on your own?
If you keep hitting me, I don't think
I can hold it in any longer!
What?! What are you going to do, huh?
What are you going to do?
You... what are you going to do?! What? What are you doing?
You brat!
Ohh, let go!  You're not going to let go?
Ohh... why did you suddenly shrink?
If you don't have luck with your husband, I heard you don't have luck with your child.
Instead you have luck with money.
Oh... I can't live because of you.  You're so disgusting.
I wonder where you came from.
From beneath President Na's legs.
Get married before the end of this year.
Hurry and give Chris a call.
I'm going to tell on you to your older brother.
Tell him I said hi.
There's nothing wrong with President Na, right?
Not really.
How much longer are you going to be riding in the taxi?
If you're still afraid to drive, why don't you get a personal driver like your mother said.
It's okay, it's better than you think.
You've been working at a very good place for 2-3 years.
Hmm, how should I put this...
Should I say that the work is different than the life that I'm living in?
What do you mean by life?
um... That is.
I think the person making the food becomes a part of the food.
So that means...that
I think that in order to make a good cake,
I must support the quality of my life. So
I took some time off at Christmas Eve to protect the one I loved.
Well, it's my values and perspective on the world.
A girl who lost her love wouldn't be able to make a sweet cake.
So on the busiest day at the bakery, you didn't stay because you wanted to go play with the one you love. So you got fired.
No, no, no, not to play around.  It was to protect the love.
So did you protect it?
No... we broke up.
Impressive.
Thank you.
This is mango mousse, to show you my work.
No that's fine,
We're looking for an assistant,
but you don't quite have the background for it.
I guess not this time. I'm sorry.
What is this... one place says I have too much history. Another place says I have too little history.
What kind of place can I fit in?
Are you going in or not?
Mister... my hair, my hair.
Hang on a second. Your hair is stuck.
Yes, gently please.
Ahh! Mister, why are you pulling on it!
Stay still.
But you're hurting my hair!
Just stay still, will you?!
Why do you have to yell?
Just shut your mouth and stay still.
Shut my mouth?
You're telling me to shut my mouth?! Shut my mouth?!
Give me some scissors, please.
Are you crazy? Are you crazy?
What do you mean scissors?
See what happens if you use the scissors.
Don't you have scissors?
What do you mean scissors!
I'll get it free.
Sorry, but I don't have time.
I'll just cut it off.
Hold on! STOP!
See what happens if you cut my hair. I'll sue you.
You're not an employee here, right?
Sue me if you want.
I'll sue you for spying on us.
Did you get my message, Chris?
I got it, but I can't do it today.
We can start tomorrow.
That won't do. We barely made it through lunch.
Come on Chris.
I'm sorry it's impossible. It's not like I can give you the goods from our deli.
Come on, Chris. Just enough to cover dinner.
That's all.
I can't.
Oh my god!
I'm the type of person who can't see people like you.
I made this cake, and it's expensive.
But I'm not charging you for it.
Eat it well!
Mr. Hyun, are you okay?
He should know not to cut Samson's hair!
What a jerk!
Mister... I wasn't talking about you, but someone else...
Do you want what happened last Christmas Eve to happen again?
In life there are all kinds of men, but men are men.
What... there are all kinds of men?
Well, there are all kinds of women, too.
Anyway, if he went on that long,
he should know I would start, too.
But wait... now that I think about it, he's pretty young.
Even if he dated, how much would he know! Anyway ...
You there...
Why is he following me?
Hey you...you there!
Mister, hurry. Hurry please!
What are you doing? Hurry!
Let's talk.
Why are you not driving?! Hurry!
Get out for a minute.
It will be only a minute.
Mister!
What is this guy trying to do?
Hurry up and get out!
Where is this madam going?
What do you mean madam? Who's the madam?
Is it really important whether or not I call you a miss or a madam?
Of course, it's important.
I'm not old, nor do I have wrinkles. So where do you get madam from?!
Mister, please go where this Miss is going.
Mister, I don't agree with him.
She agrees. I'm her younger brother.
The cake a while ago... you said you made it yourself right?
Are you doing this just to ask that question?
Did you really make it yourself?
Whatever.
I don't have time to fool around right now.
Did you make it yourself? Yes or no.
I made it myself.
Is it your hobby, making cakes?
No.
It's my job.
Pastry chef?
How do you know?
Most people have no clue.
Where do you work right now?
Bakery, hotel, or your own shop?
That is... I'm not, well...
So right now, I'm taking a break
Here, take this.
Why should I?
Just take it, nothing bad is going to happen.
No, I don't want to.
You'll regret it if you don't take it.
If you don't get off this taxi, you regret it.
Mister, stop here please. This man is getting out.
What are you doing?
Let go!
Since you have it, why don't you just look at it?
Why should I?
To a girl, her hair is very important!
Oh, really!
Bon Appetit Restaurant,
President Hyun Jin Hun
Come by tomorrow at 3 with your resumé,
and bring a variety of cakes and cookies.
I don't like it when people use Korea time, so don't be late.
Be on time at 3.
I am busy tomorrow.
I need to find a place to bake, and get all the ingredients.
Where do you usually bake?
Someone I know has a bakery school.
Today and tomorrow are weekends.
Do they have classes on weekends, too?
I still need to get the ingredients.
Even though I can get most of them, there are few that are hard to find.
Just make it with whatever ingredients you can get
because it will show if you're a real chef or not.
Wait a moment. Wait a moment.
Excuse me.
Just a minute... how old are you?
You look young...
so you might be a con artist.
Did you just laugh at me?
No.
You just laughed at me.
You can go now.
Hey you!
That jerk.
Did you use Photoshop?
Yes.
Next time, don't. You look like a different person.
You name is Kim Sam Soon.
You are a bit old.
So?
Never mind. Continue reading...
Went to school in Paris and worked as an intern for 2 years.
If you went to study in Paris, why didn't you go to college?
I didn't do well in my studies.
Then how did you manage to stay in that school?
In this world there are three ways to communicate.
Music, art, and food.
Then why did you come back?
You could have tried to stay and study there.
My father past away suddenly
because there was something wrong with his heart.
I'm sure he doesn't remember me.
If he did, he wouldn't be like this.
He can't remember who I am, but something is off.
Everyone who sees my name laughs,
except for him...
♫ Oh, the shark, Babe, has such teeth, Dear ♫
♫ And he shows them... pearly white. ♫
♫ Just a jackknife,  has old MacHeath, Babe? ♫
♫  And he keeps it, out of sight. ♫
♫ You know when that shark bites... with his teeth, Babe. ♫
♫ Scarlet billows... start to spread ♫
♫  Fancy gloves though ...wears old MacHeath, Babe, ♫
♫ So there's never, never a trace of red. ♫
♫  Now on a sidewalk, Oh Sunday mornin'  a ha. ♫
♫  Lies a body... just oozin' life  ♫
♫  Some, someone's sneakin'... 'round a corner ♫
♫ Could that someone, be Old Mack the Knife? ♫
♫ There's a tugboat down by the river ... ♫
Now... this is Castella cake, Madaleine, macaroon, bonbon...
But the appearance is very simple.
Because I couldn't get all the ingredients I needed,
I made it with whatever I could.
I got the interview just yesterday.
It would have been better if I had more time.
No, it's not that.
The appearance didn't change the taste of the cake,
but the cake is very good, excellent job.
Thank you.
Also, the chocolate and the case.
The taste was very different.
Did you personally make the case?
Yes.
Putting my homemade chocolate into the case
I made, is a basic principal to me.
Oh really? Why is that?
Inside the chocolate case is the life of a person.
Have you ever seen the movie Forrest Gump?
In the movie, the main character's mother once said,
"Life was like a box of chocolates."
"You never know what you're gonna get."
You don't remember that?
I haven't watched it.
If you have time, you should watch it.
Anyway, my becoming a pastry chef was unplanned.
Once, I went to a library and there, without thinking, I pulled out a book,
and that book was about French baking.
If that book was about taking care of baby chickens,
who knows if I would be taking care of baby chickens right now.
Now whatever I pick up, changes this.
It changes it very much.
So, all the chocolates you've made so far, have all of them been good?
No, there were good ones, and there were bad ones.
However, there's nothing we can do about it.
That circumstance is mine, and all the chocolate in it, I had to eat anyway.
When and what I eat, that makes the difference.
But things might have been different.
When I was a child, I didn't have any fear and just ate everything I saw.
But now... I think a lot and sit picking which one to eat.
I know now that some chocolates have bitter rum in them.
If I I wish for anything, I wish there wouldn't be anymore chocolate with bitter rum in it.
Because for 30 years, I've eaten them
and finished them.
That's all.
Since you figured that out so early,
it's like saying the chocolate made with bitter rum is split in half.
Yes.
Is there anything more you need to ask?
No?  There isn't.
Okay, let's work together.
Work starts at 10 a.m and ends at 10 p.m.
The bakery is earlier than the others.
Oh, she seems to know already.
Work starts at 7 am and ends at 8 pm.
Depending on the situation, it might end later.
From 3 to 5 pm, it's time to get ready for dinner.
Cleaning is every other third Monday.
Also, every three months is when we promote an employee to a higher position.
-Hold on.
=Yes?
I have one condition.
A condition?
Yes, there is a condition.
Just to tell you, our restaurant does not copy other restaurant's food.
Our main chef here is Korean, but has been working
for a French hotel for 15 years until he came here.
Please have a seat.
The pastry chef was also here, but had to leave because of certain matters.
Of course, we know that you studied in Paris, but that is not enough.
Are you finished yet?
Don't think too much like I'm the boss.
We have a comfortable environment here.
Are you finished now?
For now, work for 3 months.
We will see whether or not you can work in a regular position then.
So... that means I can get fired?
If you don't have the skills, is that not necessary?
Agreed. Let's do it like that.
Can I talk now?
I'd like it if you can start tomorrow.
I said I had one condition.
Say what the condition is.
Change Kim Sam Soon to Kim Hee Jin please.
Change the name Kim Sam Soon to Kim Hee Jin.
I mean... it doesn't cost any money, and it's just to the employees here.
You can do that can't you since you're the president here?
Why would I have to do that?
What do you mean why?
Why do we need to call Kim Sam Soon as Kim Hee Jin?
Then... would you like it if we called you Sam Shik?
My name isn't Hyun Jin Hun, but it's Hyun Sam Shik.
But, I am not Sam Shik.
Who doesn't know that?
Then why do you ask?
You're messing around with me, aren't you?
Why would I?
This is unreal.
Then let's do this.
I can understand why you want to change your name,
but, you can choose any name but Hee Jin.
Why are you taking out the name Hee Jin?
Kim Sam Soon, Kim Hee Jin. Take out those two names. You can choose any name.
Why does that have to be like that?
You don't need to know that.
No! I have to be Kim Hee Jin.
And just as you said, you don't need to know the reason for it either.
I don't like it when people copy what I say.
Same with me.
Call me Kim Hee Jin or go find yourself another pastry chef.
Forget it. I'll give up.
Go find another pastry chef.
Kim Hee Jin.
What is it, boss?
Out of all names, why does it ...
Why does it what?
Why, out of all names, does it have to be Kim Hee Jin?
Do you want to know?
Yes, I want to know.
I want to know why you want to know.
That's a private answer, so I can't tell you that.
Oh... I see.
Same with me, but I'll tell you anyway.
However... I'll tell you when I become a full time employee.
Okay?
This is too much for me to drink myself.
Would you like a drink?
Sure.
Do you know how they measure the reflection of rocks in a Rorschach test?
You put in a 30 cm white disc in the water
until it goes deep into the mud until you can't see it.
That's how you measure it.
In this country do you know how many meters the reflection in the reservoir of the tallest dam is?
How many meters?
In Japan a dam called Mashyu, 42.6 meters.
Secondly, in Russia it's called the Vyka dam, 40.5 meters.
But, you can't measure the reflections in a person's heart.
But I figured out to some degree.
Up to now, it was a divorced lady speaking.
So what did you do in America for 3 years?
I learned many things.
Particularly?
I should become the best doctor.
You're a doctor?
I'm still a student.
That's so refined. So you're going to medical school?
No, it's not that.
But ... have you noticed that guy over there has been staring at us?
I've noticed, too.
But aren't you curious who he's looking at between the two of us?
Uhmmm ...
Hello, I'm Yoo Hee Jin.
From earlier,  you've been looking at us.
So?
I was wondering out of us two, who you were looking at?
I looked because you were being so loud.
What kind of actions are those on a plane?
Hee Jin, I didn't think you were like that.
And you went up and asked him. What the?
I'm so glad I got to come back.
When I left 3 years ago I thought I could never come back.
By any chance... did you run away?
How did you know?
Welcome back.
I'll introduce a new member to our family, who'll be working with us starting today.
Our new pastry chef... Kim Sam-- Kim Hee Jin.
Ooh...! You cute fellows, just wait a bit.
This noona will treat you well.
Thank you for welcoming me.
I am Kim Hee Jin.
It's a great pleasure to be working with you all.
How old are you?
Does age really matter?
Of course, so we know what to call you.
I'm 30.
The half of 60.
Oh, you're two years older than I am.
You're the oldest out of us all.
Let's all clap for the unnie with the oldest age.
You are all dead.